Welcome to the World Headquarters
of Jehovah’s Witnesses at Warwick, New York.
As Jehovah’s people,
we are multicultural and multilingual.
And as the artwork here emphasizes, our focus
is on our commission to ‘preach the good news
to people of all nations.’
So, what are we doing today as an organization?
How did we get here?
And what’s our main tool for this great work?
We invite you to come tour our museums
to find out.
We have three museums here at Warwick,
all funded by voluntary donations.
Each of them is alive with stories.
Upstairs on the second floor
is the museum Faith in Action.
There we’ll see the very latest
on what’s being done by Jehovah’s organization.
Also on the second floor is the museum
A People for Jehovah’s Name.
It takes us on an exciting journey back in time.
And downstairs
we have the Bible Museum.
There we’ll get to see up close
a spiritual treasure chest.
When you tour the museums,
you’ll notice that they
were designed to be, not passive, but interactive
so that you can put yourself in the experience.
So with that preview,
let’s take the tour.
This is the launching point
to the Faith in Action Museum.
Note that important, descriptive word: “action.”
What activities, or actions,
are being organized and directed
by the Governing Body today?
This display acquaints you right away
with the work of the Governing Body committees.
Each committee has specific responsibilities,
but as you take the tour,
notice how the committees work together
to accomplish their goals.
The Faith in Action Museum
is divided into four galleries:
“Show Love,”
“Meet Together,”
“Take In Spiritual Food,”
and “Make Disciples.”
As you walk through the galleries,
notice how each of them
is connected by a JW-blue ribbon.
So if you get lost,
just follow the blue ribbon.
This is the “Show Love” Gallery.
Here you’ll learn how the Governing Body
helps God’s people
to ‘have love among themselves,’
as Jesus commanded at John 13:35.
For example,
how do the brothers at headquarters respond
to needs that arise when a disaster strikes?
When things like natural disasters,
terrorist attacks, or civil unrest occur,
the Coordinators’ Committee directs relief efforts.
They, in turn, communicate
with the Branch Committee
that oversees the affected area.
Usually, within 48 hours,
a report of what’s occurred
and what’s being done to help our brothers
is compiled and sent to headquarters.
That report may be
the basis for informing the brotherhood
through an article on jw.org®.
There’s another way that love
is shown to Jehovah’s people
—schools.
Such schools as the School for Congregation Elders
and the School for Circuit Overseers and Their Wives.
These have been very effective in training brothers
to shepherd the congregations lovingly.
The Teaching Committee
is responsible for the curriculum,
while the Service Committee
arranges for the selection of the students.
This is the “Meet Together” Gallery.
Here you’ll learn how
the Governing Body is helping God’s people
to meet together “to incite
to love and fine works,” as directed
at Hebrews 10:24, 25.
How is the headquarters staff
at Warwick filling that need?
Because we keep growing,
there’s an ongoing need
to build new Kingdom Halls
and to renovate existing ones.
The Publishing Committee of the Governing Body
directs where Kingdom Halls will be built
and makes funds available to the branches.
The Publishing Committee
works closely with the branch office,
and its Local Design/Construction Department
carries out the work.
But where do these hardworking
brothers and sisters come from?
The Personnel Committee
appoints all construction servants
for assignments in their home country
or in a foreign land.
Have you worked on a theocratic building project?
Take our survey, and let us know.
Some Kingdom Halls are located in areas
where there is little or no electricity,
but that doesn’t stop us from meeting together.
The Publishing Committee
has arranged for a custom-built, portable sound system
to be used in these areas.
The unity player has a battery
that can be recharged by its solar panel
or with a built-in hand crank.
It’s a wonderful provision
that helps our brothers and sisters benefit more
from their congregation meetings.
This is the “Take In Spiritual Food” Gallery.
Can you guess what design we used?
That’s right, a dining table.
Here you’ll learn how the Governing Body
fulfills the Scriptural commission
at Luke 12:42
to feed God’s people spiritually.
To accomplish this,
millions of Bibles, books,
and other publications
need to be prepared, translated, and printed.
In addition,
a regular flow of material is released online.
Translators around the world
keep in close contact with Translation Services
—a headquarters department
that’s supervised by the Writing Committee.
Do you have a favorite publication?
Much more is involved than just the writing.
The section “From Start to Finish”
outlines 11 steps
that are taken to produce the final product.
What about our online spiritual food?
Each month, we look forward
to a new JW Broadcasting® program.
Once the Teaching Committee approves a video idea,
Audio/Video Services researches the subject
and prepares a script for final approval.
Approved scripts and storyboards
are assigned
to video production teams around the world.
This gives our videos an international flavor.
Well, we’ve come
to our final gallery, “Make Disciples.”
Here you’ll learn how
the Governing Body is helping us
to fulfill the Scriptural commission
at Matthew 28:19
to “make disciples of people
of all [the] nations, baptizing them.”
The command to preach can be daunting,
especially in certain lands.
So how are we meeting that challenge?
The Service Committee oversees
the preaching work worldwide.
They help all to have a share according to their ability
—some as congregation publishers,
others as full-time evangelizers.
Additionally, special preaching campaigns
and public witnessing
have resulted in many new Bible studies.
At times, though,
our religious freedom
is opposed by secular authorities.
So the Coordinators’ Committee supervises
the World Headquarters Legal Department.
Many courts have handed down favorable decisions.
Still, we must continue
to defend our right to preach the good news.
Our online tools are also
a huge help in making disciples.
This counter shows the average rate
at which people worldwide
are logging on to jw.org.®
Each day, some 250 Bible studies
are requested online.
Schools also help us to make disciples.
We have the Pioneer Service School,
the School for Kingdom Evangelizers,
and Gilead School.
Have you attended one of these schools?
Let us know.
Well, as we come to the end of our tour,
we hope you enjoyed some highlights
from this Faith in Action Museum.
What we’ve seen here reminds us
that now and always
Jehovah’s people are a people of faith
—faith in action!